A psalm of David.
1 The LORD is my shepherd, I lack nothing. 2 He makes me lie down in green pastures, he leads me beside quiet waters, 3 he refreshes my soul. He guides me along the right paths for his name’s sake. 4 Even though I walk through the darkest valley,I will fear no evil, for you are with me; your rod and your staff, they comfort me. 5 You prepare a table before me in the presence of my enemies. You anoint my head with oil; my cup overflows. 6 Surely your goodness and love will follow me all the days of my life, and I will dwell in the house of the LORD forever.

Access (Capital “A”). Microsoft’s database management program, available as a standalone product or as a component in some editions of Microsoft Office.
adware Advertising software that often accompanies freeware or shareware downloads. Adware displays advertisements while you use the accompanying program. It may also track your software usage or your surfing habits in order to target ads designed specifically to appeal to you.
Ajax Asynchronous JavaScript and XML. Ajax is a collection of existing technologies working synergistically. The ‘asynchronous’ part indicates that actions can occur independently of one another. For example, at the same time you are typing in a form the server can be feeding your browser additional information. JavaScript is a web coding language. XML (eXtensible Markup Language) is a data language used for exchanging information between the web page and the server. Ajax is really a misnomer, because the JavaScript element also includes dynamic HTML and CSS, while the XML function can be handled just as readily by server-side scripting languages like PHP or ASP.
API Application Programming Interface. A library of routines which gives third-party developers access to proprietary code, without letting them have direct contact with the code. For example, a company such as Amazon makes its API available to developers to help them create applications that access Amazon catalogs, products and services without exposing Amazon’s own code. The API provides ‘hooks’ or ‘calls’ into the code, which activate a particular function or return specific data (such as a book’s cover image, price, ISBN and so on).
My legs hung off the side and my heels dropped to the floor, discarded like my clutch and his keys before them. Cool air skated over my breasts. I'd forgone a bra since I knew Ilyan liked that, so there was nothing to shield my breasts when he jerked the dress down to my waist. The straps captured my arms at my sides. His narrowed gaze devoured my body, touching me with dark intent. I shivered and strained toward him, except he kept me where I was. I loved and hated his strength, how he could control me, throw me around at will. Right now it was fucking hot.
He pushed me down onto the table and held me there with one hand on my stomach and stripped my dress off me, leaving me in just panties. This uninhibited style of sex was new to me, and I was quickly growing addicted. I'd never known the rough abandon or carnal intent Ilyan showed me. My stomach fluttered as he grasped my panties and pulled them. They ripped at the seam on one side. Ilyan and I paused, staring at the bit of torn material. A grin spread across his face and he ripped the other side with a simple flex of his arms.
Ilyan shed his suit jacket and shirt until all he wore were his pants, and those were easy to get rid of. I wanted to do that myself, unbutton his shirt, caress his chest, but Ilyan was the type who wanted all the control when we fucked. It was a small thing to capitulate to his desire, especially when he made me come so many times.
He stepped between my knees, pushing them open. My heart still beat a little harder the first moment he saw me completely exposed. The nearest chair scraped across the floor as he brought it back to the head of the table and sat down. I was his feast, spread out for the taking. He didn't waste time touching or caressing, but we often didn't have time for that. He cupped my ass in both hands, his shoulders keeping me open to him, and lifted me up. I flattened my hands against the table and held my breath as he licked the length of my slit.
My toes brushed his chest and I splayed my hands wider. He sucked on my clit, kneading my ass. He'd surprised me the first time he'd penetrated me in both places, introducing me to a new realm of sexual fantasy. It was easy to imagine this moment happening in a movie. Just thinking about what we were doing and where was so hot I almost came from the mental picture alone. Ilyan put me down and grabbed my hand, tugging me upright.
"Huh?" I blinked at him, a little lust crazed. He dug in his pocket for his wallet and slapped it on the table before kicking off his pants and underwear. I flipped it open and took out the condom he'd placed there this morning — just in case. So far we'd needed all of his just-in-case condoms. I tore the packet open but he took the bit of latex from me before I could roll it on him and did it himself. He pulled me to the edge of the table and thrust into me. I gasped and gripped the edge as my body stretched to accommodate him. The feel of him was growing more familiar. He leaned over me, forcing me back almost to my elbows and thrust, sinking fully into me.
